[Music]
for reasons girls think you're
unattractive are you having problems
getting the right attention from the
girl you like if so you might be doing
certain things that put girls off and
prevent them from getting to know you
and seeing the wonderful person you
really are
of course being attractive isn't the
be-all and end-all of life but the way
you present yourself to the world does
matter a lot of people are guided by
first impression so you can give
yourself a better chance of succeeding
in your love life if you know what does
and doesn't attract girls check out
these four reasons why you might be
failing with the ladies and what you can
do instead but first and foremost make
sure to click that subscribe button and
turn on post notifications so that
you'll always stay up to date on all the
new videos we put out daily on the
bright side of life number one a bad
sense of humor you can be smart handsome
and successful but if you have a bad
sense of humor you probably won't have
much luck with the ladies
having a good sense of humor can work
wonders for men it's a very attractive
feature that proves you can make light
of heavy situations you can look on the
bright side of things and that you have
healthy coping mechanisms for stressors
you have to be careful though if you're
doing it all wrong it can be a
relationship killer maybe you think you
have an awesome sense of humor but in
reality you make insensitive and
offensive jokes if you find yourself
having to explain or justify your jokes
to a girl or turning away from people
because they don't get your wisecracks
then your sense of humor might need some
revamping if you're the only one that
finds your jokes funny that's a big
warning sign that what you're saying is
actually upsetting people not attracting
them do you need to be the funny guy in
the room if so you could be taking
things to an extreme do you find
yourself cracking jokes non-stop yet
your audience barely responds with a
chuckle for a girl being in this sort of
situation can be torturous trying to
smile or giggle at every bad joke yet
looking away awkwardly at any chance she
gets if you keep on being the clown in
life when people aren't responding you
come off as being unable to read social
cues
and body language it also shows that you
may not be a very good listener or
communicator and those are vital aspects
to have a relationship with someone if
on the other hand you can't take a joke
and get offended at everything that's
said to you you might be showing deep
insecurities and defensiveness if a girl
tries to tease you in an innocent manner
and you respond with offense and hurt
they'll more than likely decide it's
better to not get involved with you
number two the clothes you wear nobody
said there's anything wrong with being
comfortable but if you're doing it at
the cost of looking presentable then
girls will probably decide to pass on
you there's a time and place for hoodies
sweatpants flip-flops and gym shorts
sure these items can be super comfy but
if you wear stuff like this everywhere
you go including on a first date with a
girl or two class presentations or work
then it looks as if you're out of touch
with what the situation requires also if
you have the habit of wearing clothes
that are two sizes too big then it looks
as if you're trying to hide something or
that you lack confidence on the other
extreme if you wear clothes so tight
that you can barely breathe
you may come off as seeking too much
attention there's nothing better than
clothes that fit you well and are
appropriate for the situation at hand
there's also a time and place for
garments that are really old torn faded
or stained they might be perfect for
lounging around the house painting your
walls or engaging in some activity where
you know you'll get dirty but that's
basically it if you're going to a
restaurant the movies or on a date leave
your home where where it belongs at home
perhaps you have an old t-shirt with
sentimental value that's fine just try
to wear it around the house or maybe
tuck it away in a drawer as a keepsake
whether you like it or not people form
an impression of someone within 7
seconds of looking at them if you're an
old torn up clothing it gives the
impression that you can't be bothered to
try if you wear graphic tees be mindful
of what's printed on them if you try to
talk to a girl and your t-shirt has an
offensive or immature message they might
leave you talking to yourself the
message you share through your clothing
are a representation of your values and
beliefs so if you have a bunch of
graphic tees in your closet now's a good
time to make sure they represent who you
really are
[Music]
number three ego problems if you have an
inflated ego chances are girls will find
that unattractive if you love to talk
about yourself point out all of your
accomplishments and be the top dog in
every situation then you'll quickly put
people off having a big ego is a warning
sign for a girl that you might be hiding
your insecurities or compensating for
something you're missing confidence is
attractive but cockiness is not if this
is one of your issues then make sure to
tone it down show genuine interest in
the girl's passions ideas and the things
she cares about and learn to listen
however if you're on the other side of
that coin that is you have really low
self-esteem and can never put in a good
word for yourself then that can be
problematic too if you constantly put
yourself down girls might see it as a
lack of confidence
I mean negativity isn't exactly a
turn-on for most people plus if your
sense of humor is strictly
self-depreciating girls may start to
believe the negative things you say
about yourself and if they believe it
the attraction will quickly fade away
number four
lack of cleanliness cleanliness is an
important aspect when it comes to
attraction when people see something
dirty or smelly their natural reaction
is to move farther away or wrinkle their
nose you don't want to elicit the same
reaction especially from a girl you're
interested in being clean doesn't mean
taking a shower every day check to see
if you're guilty of the following turn
offs facial hair if you have facial hair
and for example you hit the gym or it's
just a really hot day you might find
that you sweat more from your face than
clean-shaven guys a beard thats dripping
sweat is not a pleasant sight clean
teeth talking to someone who has food
stuck in their teeth can be super
awkward
do you ever check your face and mouth in
a mirror after eating this doesn't mean
you have to carry a mirror or be
checking your face all the time
just be a little more conscientious
after meals controlling smells if you
don't keep up with your hygiene your
body will smell to others even if you
can't sense it yourself the stench that
can come from the human mouth is
particularly something to be aware of
and it's not just about brushing your
teeth every day it's also a matter of
being mindful of what
consume if you have a weakness for
dishes with onion or you drink a lot of
coffee that might be the reason why the
girl of your dreams is keeping her
distance clean nails unless your hands
are in your pockets all the time there's
nowhere to hide your fingernails if your
face and hair are perfect but your nails
are chipped or have dirt underneath them
girls will notice all this can show a
lack of self-awareness or that you're
too lazy to take care of yourself
properly here are some tips to avoid
being perceived as unclean if you have
facial hair keep it well groomed and
clean use a mirror to check your teeth
and face for food after eating trim and
clean your nails regularly and don't
chew on them control bad breath by
brushing and flossing daily it also
helps to keep some mints or gum on you
after meals
control your vo by using deodorant and
taking a shower everyday wear clean
clothes each day - grabbing a shirt from
the bottom of the hamper won't cut it
are you guilty of any of these no no's
what do you think is most important when
it comes to being attractive tell us in
the comments below